https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kS-Petk8ylA # Aviators - Traveler's Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDo5mZ9ZT-k # Aviators - Here Come the Ravens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLcoNJOjuic # Bonnie Tyler - Holding Out For A Hero [Little V Cover]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pa4J00yOm1o # Caleb Hyles - The Greatest Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diuexInkshA # Devilman Crybaby - Devilman no Uta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mHkBtMjwUw # Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot - CHA-LA HEAD-CHA-LA (Orchestral)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkP2577miZU # Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot - Prologue II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xHJsr0G6jQ # Fastway - Go Beat Crazy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fILxnBH1Tg # Jeremy Soule - Dragonborn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pJc29PAaho # Jeremy Soule - Fear Not This Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J5gN1DwNDE # Jeremy Soule - Oblivion Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eC4vjoagDwI # Juventa ft. Kelly Sweet - Superhuman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ogR2N6kJXw # K/DA - The Baddest [Little V Cover]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrARqM_uOSc # Tsuko G. - The Top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YuW_Yos46w # MADKID - Faith [AmaLee & NateWantsToBattle cover]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pYHjyGdLAo # MADKID - RISE [AmaLee & NateWantsToBattle cover]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTFxE32onKs # Manuel - Gas Gas Gas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2eXg19DjPw # Michiru Kagemori - Ready To (BNA Opening)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08YNlHYpzso # MIYAVI - Flashback
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LemReSA5kZk # NateWantsToBattle - 99
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24piEvK8DVI # NateWantsToBattle - Inferno (Fire Force opening)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoitiIbdeaM # Owl city - Fireflies (Said the Sky Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTKrmuU0C3s # Persona 5 OST - Beneath the Mask (rain)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xc_0wfIuuzw # Pokemon Black/White - Driftveil City
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTnZqMpWttY # Pokemon Black/White - Accumula Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXefFHRgyE0 # Pokemon Diamon/Pearl/Platinum - Cynthia Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSDnyVq0kao # Pokemon Platinum - Battle! Frontier Brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjZvJZ6wRe8 # Pokémon Omega Ruby/Alpha Sapphire - Vs Zinnia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBeYs-EgPV8 # Pokémon Sword & Shield - Electric Battle! Gym Leader Elesa (Fanmade Theme)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtO__69R9J0 # SCHAFT - Broken English
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeIPGRdFUqA # Super Smash Bros. Wii U - Dr Wily Stage 1 & 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0bQdpTkLTc # Super Smash Bros. Ultimate - ARMS Grand Prix McGaughy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wfVcbHeS4I # Skogsrå - Now You See Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4W2kBanj0mw # Sixto Sounds, Dhsu - The Unholy Wars (Fighting of the Spirit)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTJgSrc3B8w # T-Ara - Little Apple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rejITE3_4aA # Televisor - I'm Yours Tonight (feat. Brenton Matthews & Lambert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hEYvdMoF2g # The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina Of Time - Gerudo Valley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-AvwyfuOdU # Vicetone - Walk Thru Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOsAYUsAm9Y # Yakuza 0 - Friday Night [Little V Cover]